# Entry 1

This is the first entry of a year long project, the freedom project. The freedom project is basically about researching a topic and making some sort of product, like a idea for a new invention or just a website that educates others about the topic. 

In this project the most difficult part will be this, the start. We spend alot of time thinking and researching about our topic since the topic can't be change we have to choose one that will be interesting and won't drain you while researching for the year. When I finally settle down on my topic of stocks and the stock markets I looked through alot of other topics like robotics, chemcial engineering, virtual reality, diseases, toxicology, and statistics. But to me all of them seem boring when looked at for too long, so I think to myself...if I don't know what to do how about doing something that's related, but also completely different? I think and think then came to the conclusion of doing something related to finance, choosed stocks. 

Although stocks might seen completely off the chart and unrelated to this year's freedom project topic range of science, but it actually connects to alot of those scientific topics. How You ask? At first I also didn't know how, I just thought of stocks without much reason so I went back to thinking. The more I think about it the more it connects, for example stocks is just like supply and demand. When everyone want a company's stock the price for that stock increase, while the opposite happens when everyone have too much of stock or is no longer interested in that company's stock. All of this can be shown as statistics, forming a connection between software programming by displaying each company's stock value and keeping check of it in real time; it's possible with software programming. Since this connected to technology it can also connect to science through the type of people that's doing stocks, that is psychology. Stocks is a high-risk high-reward activity to be invested in. The people that got wealthy in stocks is either lucky or knowledgeable. In most case where the wealthy is able to stay wealthy is because they understand the market as well as humans and their minds, which relates to psychology and about how human acts in certain situations.

After thinking about this and how it connects to other topics I settle down with stocks and the stock markets. If I get bored of stock, I can always talk about how stock connects to other topic and how it can help with understanding stocks and the stock market along with some simple tips.

[Home](../README.md)
